readme.md, before:

# Assignment 2 - Web API.

Name: Erinn Whitty

## Features.

 + Merged Assingment 1 React App
 + Upcoming Movies Page - displays upcoming movies from upcomingModel in the movies API
 + Popular Movies Page - displays popular movies from popularModel in the movies API

## Installation Requirements

Describe what needs to be on the machine to run the API (Node v?, NPM, MongoDB instance, any other 3rd party software not in the package.json). 

Describe getting/installing the software, perhaps:

```bat
git clone http:\myrepo.git
```

followed by installation

```bat
git install
```

## API Configuration
Describe any configuration that needs to take place before running the API. For example, creating an ``.env`` and what variables to put in it. Give an example of how this might be structured/done.
REMEMBER: DON'T PUT YOUR OWN USERNAMES/PASSWORDS/AUTH KEYS IN THE README OR ON GITHUB, just placeholders as indicated below:

```bat
NODE_ENV=development
PORT=8080
HOST=
mongoDB=YourMongoURL
seedDb=true
secret=YourJWTSecret
```


## API Design
Give an overview of your web API design, perhaps similar to the following: 

|  |  GET | POST | PUT | DELETE
| -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
| /api/movies |Gets a list of movies | N/A | N/A |
| /api/movies/{movieid} | Get a Movie | N/A | N/A | N/A
| /api/movies/{movieid}/reviews | Get all reviews for movie | Create a new review for Movie | N/A | N/A  
| ... | ... | ... | ... | ...

If you have your API design on an online platform or graphic, please link to it (e.g. [Swaggerhub](https://app.swaggerhub.com/)).


## Security and Authentication
Give details of authentication/ security implemented on the API(e.g. passport/sessions). Indicate which routes are protected.

## Integrating with React App

Describe how you integrated your React app with the API. Perhaps link to the React App repo and give an example of an API call from React App. For example: 

~~~Javascript
export const getMovies = () => {
  return fetch(
     '/api/movies',{headers: {
       'Authorization': window.localStorage.getItem('token')
    }
  }
  )
    .then(res => res.json())
    .then(json => {return json.results;});
};

~~~

## Extra features

. . Briefly explain any non-standard features, functional or non-functional, developed for the app.  

## Independent learning.

. . State the non-standard aspects of React/Express/Node (or other related technologies) that you researched and applied in this assignment . .

Commit message:

fixed site header and edited readme file

readme.md, after:

# Assignment 2 - Web API.

Name: Erinn Whitty

## Features.

 + Merged Assingment 1 React App
 + Upcoming Movies Page - displays upcoming movies from upcomingModel in the movies API
 + Now Playing Movies Page - displays now playing movies from nowplayingModel in the movies API
 + Popular Movies Page - displays popular movies from popularModel in the movies API

## Installation Requirements

Installed the following software/packages:

 + Postman (Desktop)
 + Node
 + MongoDB (installation instruction on website)
 + NPM
 + Development dependencies (npm install --save-dev babel-cli babel-preset-env nodemon eslint babel-eslint)


## API Configuration

For the API configuration I created an '.env' file containing the following:

NODE_ENV=development
PORT=8080
HOST=localhost
mongoDB=YourMongoURL
seedDb=true
secret=YourJWTSecret

I also created a .gitignore file


## API Design

The following is an overview of of my web API design:

|  |  GET | POST | PUT | DELETE
| -- | -- | -- | -- | -- 
| /api/movies | Gets a list of movies | N/A | N/A | N/A
| /api/movies/{movieid} | Get a Movie | N/A | N/A | N/A
| /api/movies/upcoming | Gets upcoming movies | N/A | N/A | N/A 
| /api/movies/popular | Gets popular movies | *Attempt* Add new popular movie | N/A | N/A 
| /api/movies/nowplaying | Gets now playing movies | N/A | N/A | N/A


## Security and Authentication

I originally had authentication working; user login/signup, until I merged my assignment 1 with my assignment2.

## Integrating with React App

I integrated my assignment 1 React app with my API. The main change was inserting the code below into my tmbd-api.js in my moviesApp:

~~~Javascript
export const getMovies = () => {
  return fetch(
     '/api/movies',{headers: {
       'Authorization': window.localStorage.getItem('token')
    }
  }
  )
    .then(res => res.json())
    .then(json => {return json.results;});
};

~~~

## Extra features

 + Attempted POST for popular movies.
